Refresh W3C Chair Buddy System page, simplify process (#419)
w3c/Guide: chair/buddy.md

toc: true
---

> The Chair Buddy System allows experienced Chairs to volunteer as buddy-mentors to help buddy-mentees Chairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chair Buddy System allows experienced Chairs to volunteer as buddy-mentors to help buddy-mentees.
```

> Chairs have access to their contact information via the [W3C groups listing](https://www.w3.org/groups/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chairs have access to each other's contact information via the [W3C groups listing](https://www.w3.org/groups/).
```
